1298061154
ApplicationController	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Comment	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/models/comment.rb	class Comment 
CommentsController	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	class CommentsController 
CommentsHelper	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/helpers/comments_helper.rb	module CommentsHelper
HomeController	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeHelper	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
Post	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/models/post.rb	class Post 
PostsController	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	class PostsController 
PostsHelper	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	module PostsHelper
Tag	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/models/tag.rb	class Tag 
authenticate	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def authenticate
create	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def index
join_tags	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	  def join_tags(post)
new	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/jessica/vagrant/shared/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def update
